well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about trump
calling for more direct payments to
americans
right after the deal was reached
and why people are questioning his
motives
okay so if you don't know
deal was reached for cash payments to
americans of six hundred
which pales in comparison to what most
comparable nations
have been offering either through just
their normal unemployment benefits
through cash payments or through
paychecks delivered through
employers but backed by the government
we're way behind on this
as soon as the deal was reached trump
said he wanted more
the entire time mcconnell has kind of
been standing as a roadblock
in the way of getting more people
are questioning trump's motives for
doing this
i i don't believe it's altruism i don't
think he suddenly actually
cares about the american worker he could
have put this pressure on mcconnell a
long time ago
and didn't
i i think that uh
it has to do with trump's true nature
coming out years ago
i got a call from a friend in the middle
of the night and he's like i need you to
come over here it's an emergency
okay get over there and he hands me a
lot of cash
and he's like my friend just got beat up
by her boyfriend i'm gonna need you to
bail me out
sure enough fine sounds good but hang on
one second
that's going to make you feel better but
what happens next
after he takes a hit loses that power
feels emasculated
what's he going to go home and do
i think that that may have something to
do with it
trump has exercised power without limit
unchecked for years and now all of a
sudden he's being checked
i think he is uh taking it out on those
inside his house
inside his party i think he's trying to
exercise
power for power's sake i don't believe
he actually cares
i also think this has to do with the
feud
between mcconnell and trump and the
vying for control
of the republican party after trump
leaves office
it's furthering that because mcconnell
put a lot of stock
put a lot of political capital on the
line
for this and trump undermined it
almost immediately
that's what i think it has to do with
that being said okay take it
take it if you're a democrat though i
wouldn't give anything up in return
sure people need it no doubt
no doubt people need it but
long term what's better
what is better for the average american
to
give up and give in to more
of trump and mcconnell's demands that
generally
undermine the average american long term
or to give nothing in return and let
mcconnell and trump
duke it out and see who wins worst case
scenario
the republicans have a bunch of division
within their party
and the payments get passed in january
after biden takes office
realistically that's your worst case
scenario best case scenario is you give
up
nothing and the payments come through
but
i think it might do a lot of working
class republicans
some good to see trump
saying hey let's help out the little guy
whether he means it or not
and see mcconnell stand in the way of
that
i think that might do the nation a whole
lot of good
and i think it may be worth being
uncomfortable for an extra
month
we're at the point where we have to move
forward as a country
and a lot of that is going to be
breaking down
things that people believe that aren't
true
one of those is that the republican
party
is the party of the rural working class
because they're not
they never have been but they
push that image
so i would uh
let them fight and see what happens
there's no real loss in it for democrats
either way
best case scenario get cash payments to
the people who need them
worst case scenario they get them a
little bit later
but it exposes this uh
false belief that a lot of people have
and i think that may be worth it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day